**CNN-SPP-MHA** is a CNN-based architecture in the task of steganalysis designed to address the issue of dependence on fixed-size image inputs and the impact of cover-source mismatch, which are limitations of most current architectures. the entire components of the architecture, starting from preprocessing, feature extraction, and classification. The preprocessing stage consists of image input and the first layer that is not trained. The feature extraction stage consists of depthwise separable layers, 2D convolutional layers, pooling layers, spatial pyramid pooling layers, and multi-head attention layers. The classification stage consists of a global average pooling layer and a softmax function. **The main features** that contribute to this architecture are the **spatial pyramid pooling** layer and the **multi-head attention** layer. The use of SPP allows the model to receive input data in the form of images of different sizes (arbitrary size). On the other hand, the use of Multi-head Attention aims to enhance the ability to capture complex features in the image globally.

**Therefore**, this research adopts the concept of domain adaptation to address the issue. Domain adaptation in image steganalysis is based on the theory of transfer learning and statistical learning, which focuses on how a model can adapt from one domain to another with different distributions. The source domain is the domain that has labeled data typically used to train the model, while the target domain is the domain that may have unlabeled data. In image steganalysis, each domain is further divided into cover and stego, necessitating an advanced approach to domain adaptation that emphasizes aligning data distribution at a more granular level, namely **subdomain adaptation**. Instead of viewing the domain as a homogeneous unit, subdomain adaptation acknowledges significant internal variations within a large domain. In the target domain, a **feature guide** module is needed to guide the network in distinguishing between cover and stego classes. The feature guide module utilizes class information from the source domain as a guide in forming feature representations.
